Dev Portal cache FAQ (#2059)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/automate-api-catalog-with-terraform.md

    - title: Dev Portal
      include_content: prereqs/api-catalog-terraform
      icon_url: /assets/icons/dev-portal.svg
faqs:

>   - q: I just edited or deleted my spec, document, page, or snippet. Why don't I see these changes live in Dev Portal?
>     a: If you fetched these changes recently, your browser might be serving the content from a cache. To fix this, you can clear your browser cache. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - q: I just edited or deleted my spec, document, page, or snippet. Why don't I immediately see these changes live in the Dev Portal?
    a: If you recently viewed the related content, your browser might be serving a cached version of the page. To fix this, you can clear your browser cache and refresh the page. 
```
